YOU GOT SOME EXPLAINING
TO DO, PAL.
SO START TALKIN'!
FIRST THINGS FIRST!
YOU ASKED FOR IT!
HA HA!
YEAH!
HEY, YUSEI!
GOOD TO SEE YA,
CROW!
HA HA!
WHAT'VE YOU
BEEN UP TO?
OH, COME ON, YOU KNOW ME...
STILL FIGHTING
THE GOOD FIGHT.
ROBBING THE RICH TO FEED
THE POOR N' ALL THAT.
SO I SEE SECTOR SECURITY
GOT TO YOU.
YEAH, WELL.
I SEE YOU FINALLY
LEARNED HOW TO
USE A WRENCH.
YEAH! FINISHED HER
LAST YEAR.
SHE'S A BEAUTY, RIGHT?
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE
HIT THE STREETS?
WOOOOOO!!
SO I HEAR THAT YOU'RE
SOME BIG SHOT
CHAMPION NOW.
YEAH. SOMETHING
LIKE THAT.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
SO GOODWIN CAPTURED
YOUR FRIENDS AND FORCED
YOU TO DUEL
IN THAT TOURNAMENT?
NOW I NEED TO MAKE
SURE THEY'RE SAFE.
WELL, THEN... LET'S
HEAD OVER TO YOUR
OLD HIDEOUT.
HEY, CROW... WHY
ARE THE STREETS
SO DESERTED?
THESE CREEPY CATS
HAVE BEEN COMING
AROUND LATELY.
LIKE DOWN THERE,
LOOK.
THEY SPOUT THESE
WHACKY TEACHINGS
AND THINGS,
TRYING TO ROUND
UP FOLLOWERS.
I HEAR THEY'RE
GATHERING EVERYONE DEEP
WITHIN THE SATELLITE.
WAIT, YOU MEAN
UNDERGROUND?
THINGS'VE GOTTEN
WEIRD HERE, YUSEI.
WEIRDER
THAN USUAL.
[THINKING]
WELL THEN I BETTER
LOOK INTO THIS.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
LOOKS LIKE I REALLY
AM YESTERDAY'S NEWS.
IT'S AMAZING HOW QUICKLY
EVERYONE TURNED ON ME
BECAUSE I LOST, I LOST.
I DON'T WANT TO HURT
YOU, JACK,
BUT IF ENDING THIS DUEL
IS THE ONLY WAY HOME,
THEN I GOTTA ATTACK!
STARDUST DRAGON, TAKE
OUT HIS LIFE POINTS!
AAH! AAH!
YOU BEAT ME.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU DID IT, YUSEI,
BUT YOU'RE
THE CHAMP NOW.
HOW COULD I LOSE
TO HIM TWICE?
YOU'RE TELLING ME YOU'RE
WITH JACK ATLAS
RIGHT NOW, THE SAME JACK
ATLAS THAT EVERY OTHER
REPORTER IS RUNNING
AROUND THE CITY LOOKING FOR,
AND THAT YOU
HAVEN'T GOTTEN
AN INTERVIEW YET?
NOT EVEN A JUICY
SOUND BITE OR SOMETHING?
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR THE RIGHT MOMENT!
THAT INTERVIEW IS
THE ONE THING STANDING
BETWEEN YOU
AND A LIFETIME
OF MAKING COPIES.
CARLY, NO MORE CHANCES,
GET THAT INTERVIEW
OR WE'RE DONE!
AAH! OH!
JACK THINKS I'M
HELPING HIM,
BUT IF I TELL HIM I'M JUST
SOME WANNABE REPORTER
LOOKING FOR A CAREER BOOST,
HE'LL LEAVE.
BUT THEN AGAIN,
HE DOESN'T HAVE TO KNOW
I'M INTERVIEWING HIM.
IT COULD JUST BE
A CONVERSATION.
HEY, UH, DO YOU
WANNA TALK ABOUT...
OHH! JACK?
AAH! HE SNUCK OUT
THE WINDOW!!
[THINKING]
UNBELIEVABLE, BEFORE
YESTERDAY I'D'VE HAD
100 PEOPLE ASKING
FOR AUTOGRAPHS,
AND TODAY, NOTHING.
Blister:
DO YOU HEAR THAT?
IT SOUNDS LIKE
A DUEL RUNNER.
SECTOR SECURITY?
HMM.
HA! YUSEI!
YOU CAME BACK!
HEY, THERE, YUSEI!
YUSEI?
SERIOUSLY?
DID I MISS ANYTHING?
HE-E-EY!
THE CRAZIEST THING
HAPPENED TO US
LAST WEEK, YUSEI,
YOU WON'T BELIEVE IT!
WELL NOW THAT I'M BACK
HERE IN THE SATELLITE,
I'M GOING TO SET
THINGS STRAIGHT!
BLISTER, THANKS
FOR HELPING ME OUT
WITH MY FRIENDS.
NO WORRIES, YUSEI.
SO, UH... IS THIS
AN EXCLUSIVE CLUB
OR CAN ANYONE JOIN?
HEY, CROW!
I DIDN'T
RECOGNIZE YOU
WITH THE HELMET
AND BIKE.
YEAH, YUSEI'S NOT
THE ONLY TURBO-CHARGED
DUEL RUNNER
IN SATELLITE ANYMORE.
RIGHT?
THIS IS SECTOR SECURITY!
I.D. NUMBER AWX 74098!
GIVE YOURSELF UP.
HEH! AND HE'S
NOT THE ONLY ONE
WITH A KNACK
FOR TICKING OFF
SECTOR SECURITY,
EITHER.
Nervin: THEY'RE TRYING
TO SMOKE US OUT!?
WE NEED TO
SPLIT UP.
LET'S MEET AT
THE DAEDALUS BRIDGE
IN TWO HOURS.
THAT'S WHERE
MY HIDEOUT IS.
Security: COME ON, CROW.
DON'T MAKE
THIS DIFFICULT.
YOU CAN'T ESCAPE
THIS TIME.
THERE HE GOES!
YOU WON'T BE ABLE
TO HIDE FROM OUR
NEW PURSUIT BOT!
WOW! THEY GOT
NEW TOYS!
THIS THING'S GONNA
BE TOUGH TO SHAKE.
Yusei: NEED SOME HELP?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
SOMEONE HAS TO
BABY-SIT YOU, CROW.
LOOK! THAT'S
YUSEI FUDO.
WHAT IS HE DOING BACK
IN THE SATELLITE?
WHO CARES, HE'S AIDING
AND ABETTING A FUGITIVE.
LET'S GET 'EM!
RIGHT!
THEY CAN'T OUTRUN OUR
SPEED WORLD FIELD SPELL.
ACTIVATE IT!
Computer: OVERRIDING
SUSPECT'S DUEL RUNNER.
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT ENGAGED.
THEY CAN CATCH US BOTH
IN THE SPEED WORLD FIELD
AT THE SAME TIME?
IT'S BEEN A LITTLE WHILE
SINCE YOU HAD SECTOR
SECURITY ON YOUR TAIL,
HASN'T IT, BUDDY?
IT'S LIKE A TAG DUEL.
WHADDYA SAY? ARE YOU UP
FOR THIS OR WHAT?
YOU BETCHA!
All: LET'S DUEL!
WHERE COULD
HE HAVE GONE? EHRR.
WHAT'S THIS?
Computer: PLEASE SWIPE
METRO PASS.
WHAT'S A METRO PASS?
HEY, ISN'T THAT
JACK ATLAS
OVER THERE?
IT SURE LOOKS LIKE HIM.
HEY, JACK, YOU CAN'T
JUST WALK THROUGH!
DON'T YOU KNOW HOW
TO RIDE THE METRORAIL?
GUESS HE'S NOT USED
TO TECHNOLOGY.
MAYBE HE IS
FROM THE SATELLITE.
HUH?
NO, NO, NOTHING
TO SEE HERE,
THIS ISN'T JACK.
IT'S MY COUSIN RALPH,
HE JUST LOOKS LIKE JACK,
HE'S NEW HERE,
SO PLEASE DON'T
UPSET HIM.
WHO'S RALPH?!
COME ON, RALPH,
TIME TO GO HOME!
ARE YOU BONKERS?!
DON'T YOU KNOW THE PRESS
IS LOOKING FOR YOU.
IF YOU GET SPOTTED,
YOU'RE GONNA GET MOBBED!
AND YOU HAVEN'T
RECOVERED YET.
YOU NEED TO GO BACK
TO THE HOTEL
AND LAY LOW
FOR A LITTLE WHILE!
I CAN TAKE CARE
OF MYSELF,
NOW GO AWAY.
ERR!
[THINKING]
IF I LOSE JACK,
I LOSE MY SCOOP.
COME ON, CARLY.
YOU CAN DO THIS.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU!!
I SAVED YOU
AND I HELPED YOU
AND NOW YOU'RE JUST
GONNA WALK AWAY,
THAT'S HOW YOU
SHOW GRATITUDE?
I UNDERSTAND YOU NOW,
JACK ATLAS.
YOU'RE JUST A SPOILED,
PAMPERED JERK
WHO DOESN'T EVEN KNOW
HOW TO GET ON A METRORAIL
BY HIMSELF.
HEY, EVERYBODY!
EVERYBODY,
LOOK OVER THERE,
CHECK IT OUT, THE...
ALRIGHT, I'LL HANG
OUT WITH YOU IF
THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT.
I'LL PLAY YOUR
LITTLE GAME,
BUT I'LL DO IT
WITH DIGNITY!
THAT OUTFIT
IS PERFECT.
NOBODY WILL KNOW
IT'S YOU UNDER THERE.
I LOOK LIKE
A DISCOTHEQUE REJECT.
I FEEL ABSURD.
BOY, YOU ARE
SO HIGH STRUNG.
YOU NEED TO JUST WIND
DOWN AND HAVE
SOME FUN, JACK.
I HATE FUN.
[THINKING]
I'VE GOTTA GET HIM
TO OPEN UP TO ME.
WE NEED TO GO DO
SOMETHING THAT
FRIENDS
WOULD DO TOGETHER.
AH! GOT IT!
JACK, YOU NEED TO...
WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
I DUNNO, BUT...
FOR SOME REASON,
I DON'T TRUST HER.
LET'S KEEP AN EYE
ON 'EM TO SEE
IF WE CAN FIGURE OUT
WHAT SHE'S UP TO.
I'VE GOT
THE FIRST MOVE.
AND I SUMMON OUT
GATE BLOCKER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THESE SECTOR SECURITY
GOONS ALWAYS START
WITH GATE BLOCKER.
Security A: WELL HOW'S
THIS FOR SOME VARIETY,
I RELEASE GATE BLOCKER
TO SUMMON GATE BLOCKER 2
IN DEFENSE MODE!
Computer: WHEN THE MONSTER CARD
GATE BLOCKER 2 IS
FACE UP ON THE FIELD
YOUR OPPONENT CANNOT GAIN
SPEED COUNTERS
DURING THEIR STANDBY PHASE.
NEXT, I PLACE THREE
CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU GUYS
GOT AN UPGRADE.
MY MOVE.
HOLD UP... I ACTIVATE
FULL THROTTLE!
WITH HIS IN PLAY,
SPEED WORLD GIVES ME
ONE EXTRA
SPEED COUNTER!
AND WITH GATE BLOCKER
2'S SPECIAL ABILITY
IN EFFECT,
THERE'S NO CHANCE
YOU'LL EVER ESCAPE!
I GUESS THEY'RE TRYING
TO STOP US FROM USING
SPEED SPELLS.
WELL, IF THESE JOKERS
DIDN'T HAVE SOME
KINDA SKILLS,
THIS WOULDN'T BE FUN.
NOW I'M PLAYING
THE TRAP CARD
SPEED EDGE!
DURING EACH
STANDBY PHASE,
FOR EVERY
SPEED COUNTER
THAT I HAVE
AND YOU DON'T,
YOU'LL TAKE 300
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
AND RIGHT NOW,
THE DIFFERENCE IS TWO.
SO YOU'RE GONNA TAKE
A 600 POINT HIT!
CROW, ARE YOU OKAY?
IT TAKES MORE THAN
A LITTLE TICKLE
TO RATTLE THIS GUY.
AND I'LL PROVE IT
BY SUMMONING
BLACKWING BORA THE SPEAR
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
THEY SAY ABOUT BIRDS
OF A FEATHER
FLOCKING TOGETHER?
WELL, I CAN SUMMON
BLACKWING GALE
THE WHIRLWIND
FROM MY HAND
WHEN I HAVE ANOTHER
BLACKWING MONSTER
ON MY FIELD.
AND ONCE A TURN,
GALE THE WHIRLWIND
CAN SLICE YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK AND DEFENSE
POINTS IN HALF!
Security A:
WELL THEN I GUESS
I'LL COUNTER
WITH
DEFENDER'S MIND!
Computer DEFENDER'S MIND IS
A TRAP CARD THAT SWITCHES
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD TO DEFENSE MODE
AND THEN DOUBLES
THEIR DEFENSE POINTS.
LET'S SEE YOUR
BIRD BRAIN BUFFOONS
GET PAST
THIS DEFENSE!
BETTER LUCK
NEXT TIME, CROW.
THEY'VE GOT
SOME STRONG
DEFENSE SET UP.
AND THEY'RE DISHING
OUT DIRECT DAMAGE
BY SUPPRESSING OUR
SPEED COUNTERS.
ANY IDEAS?
ONLY ONE, BUT IF IT
DOESN'T WORK,
WE MAY NEED TO
BOOK A ROOM
AT THE FACILITY TONIGHT.
THERE'S NO ESCAPING
SECTOR SECURITY,
YOU SATELLITE
REJECTS.
TIME TO START THROWING
THESE GUYS OFF OUR TAIL,
AND I KNOW JUST
THE COMBO TO MAKE
THAT HAPPEN.
I TUNE BLACKWING GALE
THE WHIRLWIND
WITH BORA THE SPEAR!
SAY HELLO TO...
BLACKWING ARMOR MASTER!
NOW ATTACK!
WITH BLACK HURRICANE!
Security A:
IS THIS SOME
KIND OF A JOKE?
THAT FLYING OAF
DOESN'T HAVE
ENOUGH ATTACK POINTS
TO BREAK
THROUGH GATE
BLOCKER 2'S DEFENSE.
AND NOW YOU'RE
THE ONE WHO'S GONNA BE
TAKING SOME DAMAGE.
NOT WITH BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ABOUT TO KICK IN,
OFFICER.
BUT UNTIL THEN,
I PLACE TWO FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN!
AND NOW YOUR WHIRLWIND'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WEARS OFF, AND THE POWER
OF DEFENDER'S MIND KICKS IN!
WITH 6000 DEFENSE POINTS.
I'D LIKE TO SEE YOU TRY
TO TAKE A RUN AT GATE
BLOCKER 2 NOW, CROW!
IT'S MY TURN!
BECAUSE OF FULL THROTTLE
AND GATE BLOCKER 2,
THE DIFFERENCE IN OUR
SPEED COUNTERS IS FOUR!
NOW MY SPEED EDGE
IS GONNA STOP YOU
IN YOUR TRACKS!
AAH!
I SUMMON GATE DEFENDER
IN DEFENSE MODE
AND END MY TURN!
Yusei: DID YOU EVER RUN
INTO OFFICER TRUDGE?
I DEALT WITH THIS
GATE DEFENDER THING
WHEN I DUELED HIM,
IT CAN NEGATE ONE
MONSTER'S ATTACK
ONCE A TURN.
DON'T WORRY... I'VE SET
THIS THING UP FOR US.
YOU JUST GOTTA
KNOCK IT DOWN.
[CARLY SCREAMING]
[SCREAMING]
IT'S OKAY, SIR.
STOP CRYING, SIR,
WE'VE GOT YOU.
THAT WAS GREAT!
WE REALLY BONDED
JUST NOW!
I'VE HAD A BETTER TIME
SITTING AND WATCHING
PAINT DRY.
[THINKING]
THIS ISN'T
GOING WELL.
HOW CAN I GET HIM
TO OPEN UP TO ME
ABOUT HIS LOSS
OF THE CHAMPIONSHIP?
I'M OUTTA HERE.
CONSIDER YOUR SO-CALLED
"KINDNESS" REPAID.
HEY, HANG ON.
WHAT DO YOU
WANT FROM ME?!
Boy: HEY, JACK!
JACK ATLAS!
NO. THIS ISN'T
JACK ATLAS,
HE JUST LOOKS
LIKE JACK.
I KNOW IT'S HIM,
I'M HIS BIGGEST FAN!
MY FRIENDS ALL SAY HE'S
A LOSER CAUSE HE LOST TO
SOME GUY
FROM THE SATELLITE.
BUT I KNOW YOU CAN WIN
BACK THE CHAMPIONSHIP!
RIGHT JACK?!
YOU'RE GONNA
SHOW 'EM ALL!
THAT'S NICE,
BUT I'M NOT JACK ATLAS.
SEE YA LATER, JACK!
YOU'RE STILL THE BEST
TURBO DUELIST EVER!
[THINKING]
THAT LITTLE BOY'S FRIENDS
HAD IT ALL RIGHT.
I AM A LOSER.
HOW COULD I LOSE
THAT TOURNAMENT!
I HAVE TO MAKE
THIS RIGHT.
I HAVE TO FIND YUSEI.
HE'S SAD.
[THINKING]
WHAT COULD I DO
TO CHEER HIM UP?
I REMEMBER THE ROAR
OF THE CROWD.
IT WAS MUSIC TO MY EARS,
THAT'S ALL BEEN WASHED AWAY.
NOBODY CHEERS
FOR A HAS BEEN.
[CROWD CHANTING, "JACK!"]
Yusei: YOU'RE WRONG,
OLD FRIEND.
HUH?
YUSEI?!
I HAVE TO FIND YOU.
[THINKING]
HE'S REALLY UPSET
ABOUT LOSING TO YUSEI,
AND HERE I AM TRYING TO
GET HIM TO TALK ABOUT IT
SO I CAN SCORE
AN ARTICLE AND KICKSTART
MY JOURNALISM CAREER.
AM I A HORRIBLE PERSON?
CARLY!
AAH! HEY, ANGELA.
I ASSUME YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR ATLAS, TOO?
HE WAS JUST SPOTTED
IN THE AREA, YA KNOW.
JACK?! HE WAS?!
I'M GONNA FIND HIM
BEFORE ANYONE ELSE,
AND I'M GONNA GET HIM
TO ADMIT THAT THE RUMORS
ABOUT HIM BEING
FROM THE SATELLITE
SECTOR ARE TRUE.
I MEAN, THEY
OBVIOUSLY ARE.
WHY ELSE WOULD HE
HAVE SNUCK OUT
OF THE HOSPITAL WHEN I
FIRST BROKE THE STORY?
MAYBE HE'S JUST
UPSET BECAUSE HE LOST
THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST
LEAVE HIM ALONE
AND LET HIM DEAL
WITH THINGS.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU DO WANNA BE
A REAL REPORTER,
DON'T YOU?
REPORTERS DON'T
LEAVE PEOPLE ALONE.
REPORTERS FOLLOW THEIR
LEADS AND EXPOSE PEOPLE
FOR WHO THEY REALLY ARE.
REPORTERS DON'T
CARE ABOUT HOW
SOMEONE'S "FEELING."
THAT'S NOT
THE WAY IT WORKS.
CARLY? DID YOU SEE SOME...
HERE, HOLD THESE!
THANKS!
WAIT A SEC. WEIRDO.
[THINKING]
I GOTTA FIND JACK.
I CAN'T LET THOSE
REPORTERS TEAR HIM DOWN.
I HAVE TO HELP HIM
GET THROUGH THIS.
WHERE COULD HE'VE GONE?
THAT TOWER.
WE COULD SEE IT
FROM THE HOTEL,
AND THE METRORAIL JACK
WAS TRYING TO GET ON
WAS GOING THERE.
THAT'S GOTTA BE IT.
Yusei: MY TURN!
Security B:
NOT SO FAST, SATELLITE.
I HAVEN'T TRIGGERED
THE POWER OF MY SPEED EDGE
TRAP CARD YET.
SO GET READY TO BE
PULLED OVER PERMANENTLY!
HANG IN THERE, BUDDY!
WILL DO!
I SUMMON
TURBO SYNCHRON!
Crow: AND I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP LEVEL RETUNER!
AND THE POWER
OF THIS BABY LOWERS
ARMOR MASTER'S
LEVEL BY ONE!
WHY WOULD CROW LOWER
HIS OWN MONSTER'S LEVEL?
TURBO SYNCHRON, TIME
TO GIVE BLACKWING ARMOR
MASTER A TUNE-UP!
TURBO WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
WELL, THEY MAY HAVE
SUMMONED OUT
A NEW MONSTER
TO THE FIELD,
BUT IT WON'T HELP
'CAUSE IT'S STILL
NOT STRONG ENOUGH
TO BREAK
THROUGH GATE
DEFENDER'S DEFENSE.
WE'VE GOT 'EM RIGHT
WHERE WE WANT 'EM.
YOU CAN'T ESCAPE
THE POWER OF
OUR GATE DEFENDER.
AND ONCE WE WIN,
YOU TWO ARE GOING
STRAIGHT
TO THE FACILITY!
ACTUALLY, WITH TURBO
WARRIOR IN PLAY
YOUR GATE DEFENDER WON'T
BE DEFENDING ANYTHING.
AND BECAUSE YOUR
DEFENDER IS ONLY
A LEVEL FOUR MONSTER...
I'M ACTIVATING THE EBON
ARROW TRAP CARD WHICH
LOWERS THE ATTACK POINTS
OF TURBO WARRIOR
BY 500 POINTS!
AND AS LONG AS
IT'S STRONGER THAN
YOUR DEFENDER,
THE DIFFERENCE
IN THEIR POWER IS DEALT
TO YOU AS DAMAGE,
AND AS A BONUS,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE DESTROYED MONSTER'S
ORIGINAL DEFENSE POINTS.
NOW TURBO WARRIOR!
ATTACK!
TRY ALL YOU WANT, YUSEI,
BUT YOU'RE ATTACKING
A MONSTER WITH 6000
DEFENSE POINTS.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO DOUBLE CHECK
YOUR MATH, OFFICER.
HUH? WHY'D
IT DROP TO ZERO?
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
Crow: WHEN BLACKWING ARMOR
MASTER ATTACKED
YOUR GATE DEFENDER, IT LEFT
A WEDGE COUNTER BEHIND,
AND THAT WEDGE NOW WIPES
OUT ALL OF YOUR PRECIOUS
DEFENDER'S ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS.
ALL OF EM!?
Yusei: ALL OF THEM!
OHH!
AND NOW YOU TAKE
THE DAMAGE FROM
EBON ARROW'S EFFECT!
AAH!
HE GOT AWAY AGAIN!
WE DID IT, CROW!
YOU'VE GOTTEN
A LOT BETTER SINCE
THE OLD DAYS.
YOU THINK SO?
BY THE WAY, DID
YOU HEAR ABOUT JACK?
SOME REPORTER FOUND OUT
HE'S REALLY
FROM THE SATELLITE
AND NOW HE'S GONE
OFF THE GRID.
HE DISAPPEARED?!
SO ARE YOU STILL
TICKED OFF AT HIM
FOR WHAT HE DID TO YOU?
NOT ANYMORE, NO.
JACK DID WHAT HE
THOUGHT HE HAD TO DO
AT THE TIME.
HE THOUGHT IF HE DIDN'T
GRAB THAT OPPORTUNITY,
HE'D BE STUCK
IN THE SATELLITE
FOR THE REST
OF HIS LIFE.
I CAN'T BLAME HIM
FOR MAKING A CHOICE
WHEN HE DIDN'T THINK
HE HAD ONE.
WOW, MAN. YOU'RE
A BIGGER PERSON THAN I AM.
I GUESS.
HE'S BEEN STARING
AT THE WATER FOR HOURS.
MAYBE NOW'S A GOOD
TIME TO TALK TO HIM.
Carly: JACK.
IF THIS WAS WHERE
YOU WANTED TO GO,
YOU COULDA JUST SAID SO.
[THINKING]
WOW, HE SEEMS
WORSE THAN BEFORE.
I WONDER WHAT
HE'S LOOKING AT?
CAN YOU SEE
THE SATELLITE SECTOR
FROM HERE?
DO YOU MISS IT, JACK?
DO YOU WANT TO GO
BACK THERE OR SOMETHING?
ITS ALRIGHT YOU
CAN TELL ME.
TWO YEARS AGO, I GAVE
UP EVERYTHING I KNEW
TO COME TO THIS CITY
FROM THE SATELLITE.
I BETRAYED MY FRIEND,
THE PEOPLE I
GREW UP WITH,
I TURNED MY BACK
ON EVERYTHING I WAS.
AND WHAT DID I GAIN?
TEMPORARY GREATNESS,
THE ADMIRATION
OF FICKLE FANS
WHO LOVE YOU
WHEN YOU'RE ON TOP
AND HATE YOU WHEN
YOU'RE NOT.
IN ORDER TO BE
THE DUELIST
I WANTED TO BE,
I LOST SIGHT
OF THE DUELIST
THAT I REALLY AM.
I WANTED TO BE
THE GREATEST.
BUT I SEE NOW THAT I
TOOK THE EASY PATH.
NOW THAT IT'S TOO LATE,
I KNOW WHAT I REALLY
STAND FOR.
IT'S NOT TOO LATE, JACK,
IT'S JUST, LIKE,
A DO-OVER.
YOU CAN USE WHAT YOU'VE
LEARNED AND GO FORWARD.
THINK OF IT THIS
WAY... OLD JACK LOST
IN THE BATTLE
AGAINST YUSEI.
AND NEW JACK
WAS REBORN.
YOU CAN DO IT AGAIN.
YOU CAN GO BACK
TO THE SATELLITE
AND RIGHT YOUR WRONGS.
YOU CAN SAY SORRY
TO YOUR FRIENDS,
AND THINGS CAN BE
LIKE THEY WERE BEFORE.
HUH? AHH! JACK!
HEY, THERE, JACK!
BUD-DY!
HEY, PAL.
WHAT'S UP!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I CAN STILL DO THIS.
THAT'S IT.
NO MORE HIDING.
NO MORE FEELING
SORRY FOR MYSELF.
IT'S TIME
TO MOVE ON.
OHH! UH, JACK,
THAT WAS MY HAT.
SORRY 'BOUT THAT.
IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO SHOW THE WORLD
WHO I REALLY AM.
THEN YOU'LL NEED THIS!
WRITE WHATEVER
YOU WANT ABOUT ME.
ACTUALLY, I DECIDED.
I'M NOT GONNA
WRITE THE ARTICLE.
NEW DOMINO CITY'LL JUST
USE IT AS AN EXCUSE
TO POINT THEIR
FINGERS AT YOU.
AND I DON'T WANNA BE
A PART OF THAT.
[THINKING]
MAYBE WE'VE BOTH
LEARNED A LITTLE MORE
ABOUT WHO WE REALLY ARE.
THANK YOU, CARLY.
HEY! WAIT UP!
I'M COMING WITH YOU!